LaTeX Package : glossaries v4.42

Last Modified : 2019-01-06

Author        : Nicola Talbot

Package FAQ   : http://www.dickimaw-books.com/faqs/glossariesfaq.html

This package is provided to assist generating glossaries.
The package supports abbreviations and multiple glossaries.
New entries are defined to have a name and description (and
optionally an associated symbol). Plural forms can also be
specified.  New glossary styles can be defined, and preambles
and postambles can be specified. There is provision for loading
a database of terms, only terms used in the text will be added
to the relevant glossary.

*This package replaces the glossary package which is now obsolete.*

glossaries-accsupp.sty is an experimental package that uses the
accsupp package to provide accessibility support for the
glossaries package.

The glossaries package may be extended with the
separately-distributed glossaries-extra package
(https://ctan.org/pkg/glossaries-extra), which provides
more options and improved abbreviation handling.

The mfirstuc package is now a separate bundle 
(https://ctan.org/pkg/mfirstuc).

INSTALLATION

See INSTALL file for installation instructions.

REQUIREMENTS

mfirstuc
ifthen
xkeyval *at least version 2.5f (2006/11/18)*
xfor
amsgen
etoolbox
longtable (unless you use the nolong or nostyles package options)
datatool-base
textcase
tracklang (to determine if any language modules need to be loaded)

If the supertabular package is installed, it will also be loaded
unless the nosuper or nostyles package options are used. If the
supertabular package isn't installed, you can still use the
glossaries package, but you won't be able to use any of the styles
defined in glossaries-super.sty. If you want to use
glossary-longragged.sty or glossary-superragged.sty you will also
need the array package. If you want to use glossary-mcols you will
also need the multicol package.

Note that the current version of the glossaries package doesn't
load xspace.

If you want to use the experimental glossaries-accsupp.sty
you will also need the accsupp package.

LaTeX2HTML

This package comes with a LaTeX2HTML style file glossaries.perl 
which should be placed in the relevant LaTeX2HTML
styles directory, but note that these styles only supply a sub-set
of the commands provided by glossaries.sty, so some
commands may not be implemented or may be implemented in a different
way. This file has not be tested with recent versions of
LaTeX2HTML and may no longer be compatible.

LICENCE

This material is subject to the LaTeX Project Public License. 
See http://www.ctan.org/license/lppl1.3 
for the details of that license.

Author's home page: http://www.dickimaw-books.com/

